So why Angular 2?
Angular 2 was conceived as a complete rewrite
to Angular 1 in order to fulfill the expectations
of modern developers who demand blazing speed
and responsiveness from their web applications.
By offering faster initial loads, improved
change detection and improved rendering – Angular
2 is up to five times faster then its original
build.
Angular 2 is sleeker and composes a more simplified
API.
Many of the original constructs have been
removed in favor of easier to remember patterns
for writing our code.
Angular 2 is modern.
By copying the huge success of the React framework,
it decided to put web components at the heart
of the Angular 2.
As a result, Angular apps are now much more
responsive to changes in state.
The latest version of Javascript known as
Ecmascript2015 or just ES2015 wasn’t around
back when Angular 1 was first created.
By taking advantage of some of the new features
like classes, modules and decorators, Angular
2 takes building sophisticated high performing
applications to a whole new level.
Angular 2 is written in Typescript, which
is a superset of Javascript.
I absolutely love writing my code in Typescript.
And the reason is Typescript give us access
to all the enhancements of ES2015 including
future ES7 enhancements as well as built-in
strong typing.
So what hasn’t changed between Angular v1
and v2?
I’m happy to say that the core concepts
are still around.
And that is to help developers create Modular,
Maintainable and Testable applications.